# ClickFit Personal Training App

This is an app which I had made for my final year project which was graded a 1st.

## What is ClickFit?
ClickFit is an app which connects personal trainers to clients. Personal trainers are able to display their expertise on their page to attract a client base, they can make posts that may include their clients progress to encourage clients to work with them. Clients can search for trainers who are nearby and also choose trainers who specialise in the exact fields they are interested in.

## What is the aim of ClickFit?
There are 2 main aims for ClickFit. First of which is to allow personal trainers to work independently from a third party such as a gym by connecting them directly to clients. Secondly, to allow clients to easily find personal trainers in their area.

## Why is ClickFit a useful product?
By interacting with trainers in the industry, I found that gyms would take advantage of trainers, especially those who lacked in experience. They would attempt to charge extortionate rates for use of their facilities, or they would offer to pay them by the hour in return for a service that was worth much more. This app gives trainers control over their careers and allows them to brand, promote and sell their services to a much larger market, at just a fraction of the cost. Furthermore, the social side of the app allows them to connect with potential clients and market themselves in an app that is specific to the industry. People do not hire personal trainers to learn how to exercise, exercise tutorials are in abundance in this age of technology. The majority of people who hire trainers do so because they lack the motivation to learn on their own to actually do the exercise. Trainers provide these people with an external form of motivation that encourages them to learn the benefits of exercise and help them form positive and adaptive behaviours. Furthermore, unlike in most commercial gyms, clients are able to find trainers who are specialists, For example, a trainer who is qualified in exercise rehabilitation would be a perfect candidate for a person suffering with injuries but still wishes to get fit. This app allows clients to connect with trainers in a way that does not involve a third party, who increases costs and creates scheduling hassle. Instead, clients are able to book at their own convenience at a price that is set by the trainer based on their experience and expertise online.
